README.md, before:

## Repository info

This github repository contains all the necessary files to run the project KiiT-Sync. The project is a web application that allows students & teachers to access their daily timetable & academic information in one place. The project is built using Next JS, a modern javascript framework. The project is will be primarily hosted on Vercel, a cloud platform for static sites and serverless functions. The project is currently under development and is not yet ready for production.

## File structure

The project uses Next JS, App router configuration to serve its pages & static files. All the routes related to paged & API can be found inside `/app` directory.

All static files like `.pdf` `.png` & other files should be placed inside `/public` directory in an organized manner.

## Rules

Any changes to `next.config.js`, `tailwind.config` & environment variables are to be done only after informing the moderators / leads of this project.

If you are installing a dependency from `npm` make sure you are mentioning it in the commit message.

If you are confident about your commits you can push it directly to the main branch. Otherwise its safe to open a `Pull Request`

**note:** pushing invalid changes to main branch can sevrely affect your role as a contributor.

---

## What next?

- [ ] The boiler plate code for the project is ready.
- [ ] Waiting for clearance from the UI/UX team to start the development.
- [ ] The contact details of the project admin will be updated soon.

Commit message:

chore: Update landing page description in README.md

README.md, after:

## Repository info

This github repository contains all the necessary files regarding konnexions landing page. This project serves the purpose of a landing page for the konnexions team. The project is built using Next JS, a modern javascript framework. The project is will be primarily hosted on Vercel, a cloud platform for static sites and serverless functions. It will include necessary pages like Home, Team, Events, Contact & other pages as per the requirement.

## File structure

The project uses Next JS, App router configuration to serve its pages & static files. All the routes related to paged & API can be found inside `/app` directory.

All static files like `.pdf` `.png` & other files should be placed inside `/public` directory in an organized manner.

## Rules

Any changes to `next.config.js`, `tailwind.config` & environment variables are to be done only after informing the moderators / leads of this project.

If you are installing a dependency from `npm` make sure you are mentioning it in the commit message.

If you are confident about your commits you can push it directly to the main branch. Otherwise its safe to open a `Pull Request`

**note:** pushing invalid changes to main branch can sevrely affect your role as a contributor.

---

## What next?

- [x] The boiler plate code for the project is ready.
- [ ] Waiting for clearance from the UI/UX team to start the development.
- [ ] The contact details of the project admin will be updated soon.
